What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

Initializing a repository we create .git file that tracks all the necessary info 
for version conrol.


How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?


Staging area is between the wd and repository. It allows to creak transitional versions
of files and only then save them or not. It is like a safe  where you can keep your cash
before depositing it to the bank or spending it on a cool tv. 


How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

You can compare wd and staging area using git diff /no arguments/ to compare changes.
and git diff --staged to compare staging area and recent commit differences before 
commiting. 
when git diff commans is empty - means there ar no changes to commit. 



What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

Branches can help create different versions of same document, store these files 
and modify them. You can have master branch and a development one to work on.
You can share one of them and work on the other one.
you can switch to something else on the project if you got tired or bored. 



How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

Pretty straight-forward. You can see existing branches and commits that do not
belong o any of the branches - unreachable ones. They need to belong 
to a branch to be reachable.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

The result is the code of 2 branches altogether and the commits are shown in order of their
time creation. Merging branches we can combine work of many developers at one project. 
And the diagram represents is the way it is. 



What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

Automatic merges save time!!!! But manually you might make the code better and 
more accurate and efficient. 





